LSC25
Find the time when I was looking at an old clock, with flowers visible.
Find the time when I was looking at an old clock, with flowers visible. There was a lamp also.
Find the time when I was looking at an old clock, with flowers visible. There was a lamp also, and a small blue monster (perhaps a long rabbit) watching me. 
Find the time when I was looking at an old clock, with flowers visible. There was a lamp also, and a small blue monster (perhaps a long rabbit) watching me. Maybe there were two monsters. 
Find the time when I was looking at an old clock, with flowers visible. There was a lamp also, and a small blue monster (perhaps a long rabbit) watching me. Maybe there were two monsters.  It was a Monday or a Thursday.
Find the time when I was looking at an old clock, with flowers visible. There was a lamp also, and a small blue monster (perhaps a long rabbit) watching me. Maybe there were two monsters.  It was a Monday or a Thursday. I was at home and in a bedroom. 
EndTopic
LSC26
A red car beside a white house.
A red car beside a white house on a cloudy day.
A red car beside a white house on a cloudy day. I had driven for over an hour to get here. 
A red car beside a white house on a cloudy day. I had driven for over an hour to get here. It was a Saturday. 
A red car beside a white house on a cloudy day. I had driven for over an hour to get here. It was a saturday in August.
A red car beside a white house on a cloudy day. I had driven for over an hour to get here. It was a saturday in August and it was in the early afternoon.
EndTopic
LSC27
Walking through an airbridge after a flight.
Walking through an airbridge after a flight in the early morning.
Walking through an airbridge after a flight in the early morning after a flight of about two hours.
Walking through an airbridge after a flight in the early morning after a flight of about two hours. After the airport, I immediately got a taxi to a meeting.
Walking through an airbridge after a flight in the early morning after a flight of about two hours. After the airport, I immediately got a taxi to a meeting. I think it was a cloudy day on a Monday. 
Walking through an airbridge after a flight in the early morning after a flight of about two hours. After the airport, I immediately got a taxi to a meeting. I think it was a cloudy day on a Monday. I was in Tromso in Norway.
EndTopic
LSC28
I remember a doll’s house.
I remember a doll’s house, a white dolls house.
I remember a doll’s house, a white dolls house. There were other people there.
I remember a doll’s house, a white dolls house. There were other people there, and candles too, I remember candles. 
I remember a doll’s house, a white dolls house. There were other people there, and candles too, I remember candles. There was some nice village scene in front of a lake on a picture.
I remember a doll’s house, a white dolls house. There were other people there, and candles too, I remember candles. There was some nice village scene in front of a lake on a picture. It was a Saturday.
EndTopic
LSC29
Catching my reflection in the bathroom mirror early on a Saturday morning.
Catching my reflection in the bathroom mirror early on a Saturday morning when I was preparing to brush my teeth.
Catching my reflection in the bathroom mirror early on a Saturday morning when I was preparing to brush my teeth. There were pink wall tiles.
Catching my reflection in the bathroom mirror early on a Saturday morning when I was preparing to brush my teeth. There were pink wall tiles and I was wearing a white shirt.
Catching my reflection in the bathroom mirror early on a Saturday morning when I was preparing to brush my teeth. There were pink wall tiles and I was wearing a white shirt. I had just finished watching some TV.
Catching my reflection in the bathroom mirror early on a Saturday morning when I was preparing to brush my teeth. There were pink wall tiles and I was wearing a white shirt. I had just finished watching some TV and then I drove somewhere.
EndTopic
LSC30
Pulling up grass or weeds.
Pulling up grass or weeds in my garden.
Pulling up grass or weeds in my garden on a cloudy day. 
Pulling up grass or weeds in my garden on a cloudy day. There are trees in my garden.
Pulling up grass or weeds in my garden on a cloudy day. There are trees in my garden and more trees just outside across the street. 
Pulling up grass or weeds in my garden on a cloudy day. There are trees in my garden and more trees just outside across the street. It was a Saturday afternoon.
EndTopic
LSC31
Eating fishcakes, bread and salad.
Eating fishcakes, bread and salad after preparing my presentation in powerpoint.
Eating fishcakes, bread and salad after preparing my presentation in powerpoint. It must have been lunch time.
Eating fishcakes, bread and salad after preparing my presentation in powerpoint. It must have been lunch time. There was a guy in a blue sweater.
Eating fishcakes, bread and salad after preparing my presentation in powerpoint. It must have been lunch time. There was a guy in a blue sweater. I think there were phones on the table. 
Eating fishcakes, bread and salad after preparing my presentation in powerpoint. It must have been lunch time. There was a guy in a blue sweater. I think there were phones on the table. After lunch, I made a coffee. 
EndTopic
LSC32
Walking on a green footpath.
Walking on a green footpath, to my car. 
Walking on a green footpath, to my car. I remember i had come off a flight. 
Walking on a green footpath, to my car. I remember i had come off a flight  and it was around lunch-time.
Walking on a green footpath, to my car. I remember i had come off a flight  and it was around lunch-time. I got into my car and drove to a lunch.
Walking on a green footpath, to my car. I remember i had come off a flight  and it was around lunch-time. I got into my car and drove to have a meal. No, I drove to work where I had lunch.
EndTopic
LSC33
Ironing clothes.
Ironing clothes, in the evening time. 
Ironing clothes, in the evening time. I was in a hotel room.
Ironing clothes, in the evening time. I was in a hotel room with a brown floor.
Ironing clothes, in the evening time. I was in a hotel room with a brown floor and I think there was a kettle there. 
Ironing clothes, in the evening time. I was in a hotel room with a brown floor and I think there was a kettle there. After ironing, i waited a short while then went to a party.
EndTopic
LSC34
Watching an important football game .
Watching an important football game on a tablet computer. 
Watching an important football game on a tablet computer. I had been drinking beer.
Watching an important football game on a tablet computer. I had been drinking beer. Oh, I was at a table with friends when drinking beer.
Watching an important football game on a tablet computer. I had been drinking beer. Oh, I was at a table with friends when drinking beer, but returned to my hotel room to watch the football.
Watching an important football game on a tablet computer. I had been drinking beer. Oh, I was at a table with friends when drinking beer, but returned to my hotel room to watch the football. I wasn’t using the TV in the room for some reason. I was using the tablet. 
EndTopic
LSC35
I was shopping for clothes in the early morning. 
I was shopping for clothes in the early morning. I think I was in Ireland.
I was shopping for clothes in the early morning. I think I was in Ireland and I was looking for a shirt and a belt. 
I was shopping for clothes in the early morning. I think I was in Ireland and I was looking for a shirt and a belt. I don’t think I bought anything.
I was shopping for clothes in the early morning. I think I was in Ireland and I was looking for a shirt and a belt. I don’t think I bought anything. I went to a salon instead  and waited for a haircut. 
I was shopping for clothes in the early morning. I think I was in Ireland and I was looking for a shirt and a belt. I don’t think I bought anything. I went to a salon instead  and waited for a haircut. Yeah, it was a Saturday.
EndTopic
LSC36
I was making coffee in the morning using a professional looking coffee machine.
I was making coffee in the morning using a professional looking coffee machine. After making coffee, I was talking to someone.
I was making coffee in the morning using a professional looking coffee machine. After making coffee, I was talking to someone. No it was a few people. 
I was making coffee in the morning using a professional looking coffee machine. After making coffee, I was talking to someone. No it was a few people. I remember yellow doors behind them. 
I was making coffee in the morning using a professional looking coffee machine. After making coffee, I was talking to someone. No it was a few people. I remember yellow doors behind them. After a few minutes, I went back to work.
I was making coffee in the morning using a professional looking coffee machine. After making coffee, I was talking to someone. No it was a few people. I remember yellow doors behind them. After a few minutes, I went back to work. It was a Monday in Norway.
EndTopic
LSC37
I remember I was washing clothes.
I remember I was washing clothes. I think it was white shirts. 
I remember I was washing clothes. I think it was white shirts. Using the clothes washing machine (front loading machine).
I remember I was washing clothes. I think it was white shirts. Using the clothes washing machine (front loading machine) in my home.
I remember I was washing clothes. I think it was white shirts. Using the clothes washing machine (front loading machine) in my home. I recall all the red lights were turned on; perhaps the machine was broken. 
I remember I was washing clothes. I think it was white shirts. Using the clothes washing machine (front loading machine) in my home. I recall all the red lights were turned on; perhaps the machine was broken. It was the weekend, a Saturday. 
EndTopic
LSC38
I was in my office taking a skype call.
I was in my office taking a skype call on a Friday morning. 
I was in my office taking a skype call on a Friday morning. I clearly remember a bright green background on my laptop.
I was in my office taking a skype call on a Friday morning. I clearly remember a bright green background on my laptop and a large image of a man’s face on the screen. 
I was in my office taking a skype call on a Friday morning. I clearly remember a bright green background on my laptop and a large image of a man’s face on the screen. I had previously been having coffee in the Helix.
I was in my office taking a skype call on a Friday morning. I clearly remember a bright green background on my laptop and a large image of a man’s face on the screen. I had previously been having coffee in the Helix. I recall that it was a Friday.
EndTopic
LSC39
Watching people speak in a crowded auditorium.
Watching people speak in a crowded auditorium. They were talking about ‘automated futures’. 
Watching people speak in a crowded auditorium. They were talking about ‘automated futures’. It was full of people.
Watching people speak in a crowded auditorium. They were talking about ‘automated futures’. It was full of people and I was at the back of the room.
Watching people speak in a crowded auditorium. They were talking about ‘automated futures’. It was full of people and I was at the back of the room.  Afterwards I went for a walk through a historical university campus.
Watching people speak in a crowded auditorium. They were talking about ‘automated futures’. It was full of people and I was at the back of the room.  Afterwards I went for a walk through a historical university campus on a Thursday evening.
EndTopic
LSC40
There was car racing.
There was car racing on TV. It was Formula 1 motor racing. 
There was car racing on TV. It was Formula 1 motor racing. I was at home.
There was car racing on TV.It was Formula 1 motor racing. I was at home with other people. 
There was car racing on TV. It was Formula 1 motor racing. I was at home with two people on a Saturday.
There was car racing on TV.It was Formula 1 motor racing. I was at home with two other people on a Saturday. This was after going shopping.
EndTopic
LSC41
Unix book.
Unix book. I was looking at books. 
Unix book. I was looking at books. There was a big book on the UNIX operating system.
Unix book. I was looking at books. There was a big book on the UNIX operating system. I remember reaching for an orange book. 
Unix book. I was looking at books. There was a big book on the UNIX operating system. I remember reaching for an orange book. I was in my office.
Unix book. I was looking at books. There was a big book on the UNIX operating system. I remember reaching for an orange book. I was in my office in the evening time.
EndTopic
LSC42
I was sending a congratulations wish.
I was sending a congratulations wish to my niece who finished her exams (the ‘leaving cert’).
I was sending a congratulations wish to my niece who finished her exams (the ‘leaving cert’). I was writing on a card.
I was sending a congratulations wish to my niece who finished her exams (the ‘leaving cert’). I was writing on a card. It was a Congratulations card.
I was sending a congratulations wish to my niece who finished her exams (the ‘leaving cert’). I was writing on a card. It was a Congratulations card. I put it in a white envelope.
I was sending a congratulations wish to my niece who finished her exams (the ‘leaving cert’). I was writing on a card. It was a Congratulations card. I put it in a white envelope when was in their home, beside a window in front of the tv.
EndTopic
LSC43
Playing a word game.
Playing a word game on the refrigerator door.
Playing a word game on the refrigerator door in the kitchen. 
Playing a word game on the refrigerator door in the kitchen.  No, it was not in my home; someone else's.
Playing a word game on the refrigerator door in the kitchen.  No, it was not in my home; someone else's.  There was a girl in a white or green top.
Playing a word game on the refrigerator door in the kitchen.  No, it was not in my home; someone else's.  There was a girl in a white or green top. I remember writing a word TURRET.
EndTopic
LSC44
I was in the bank.
I was in the bank. No, I was waiting at the bank.
I was in the bank. No, I was waiting at the bank. There was a screen advertising to me.
I was in the bank. No, I was waiting at the bank. There was a screen advertising to me and a big blue chair shaped like a B.
I was in the bank. No, I was waiting at the bank. There was a screen advertising to me and a big blue chair shaped like a B. I gave up waiting.
I was in the bank. No, I was waiting at the bank. There was a screen advertising to me and a big blue chair shaped like a B. I gave up waiting. I went back to my office.
EndTopic
LSC45
A childrens rocking horse.
A childrens rocking horse. It was white.
A childrens rocking horse. It was white. It was under a clock. 
A childrens rocking horse. It was white. It was under a clock.  The room has black floor.
A childrens rocking horse. It was white. It was under a clock.  The room has black floor and there was a table or a sitting chair in the room. 
A childrens rocking horse. It was white. It was under a clock.  The room has black floor and there was a table or a sitting chair in the room. I remember it was bright outside.
EndTopic
LSC46
Checking out of a hotel in the early morning, before six am. 
Checking out of a hotel in the early morning, before six am.  I think there were screens on the right side.
Checking out of a hotel in the early morning, before six am.  I think there were screens on the right side. I was taking a flight to somewhere.
Checking out of a hotel in the early morning, before six am.  I think there were screens on the right side. I was taking a flight to somewhere. and I needed to walk a sort distance to the airport.
Checking out of a hotel in the early morning, before six am.  I think there were screens on the right side. I was taking a flight to somewhere. and I needed to walk a sort distance to the airport on a beautiful day. 
Checking out of a hotel in the early morning, before six am.  I think there were screens on the right side. I was taking a flight to somewhere. and I needed to walk a sort distance to the airport on a beautiful day. I was in Norway.
EndTopic
LSC47
Painting in the evening.
Painting in the evening in my kitchen on a Friday.
Painting in the evening in my kitchen on a Friday. I was painting a wall.
Painting in the evening in my kitchen on a Friday. I was painting a wall. With a light brown colour.
Painting in the evening in my kitchen on a Friday.I was painting a wall. With a light brown colour. I was using a small pot of test colour paint. 
Painting in the evening in my kitchen on a Friday. I was painting a wall. With a light brown colour. I was using a small pot of test colour paint. I only did a little, then I went to read on my bed.
EndTopic
LSC48
Drinking tea from a large black cup when I was visiting a family member.
Drinking tea from a large black cup when I was visiting a family member. There were other people there also. 
Drinking tea from a large black cup when I was visiting a family member. There were other people there also. I think there was a hen or a cock on the table. 
Drinking tea from a large black cup when I was visiting a family member. There were other people there also. I think there was a hen or a cock on the table. There was some kind of pie also. 
Drinking tea from a large black cup when I was visiting a family member. There were other people there also. I think there was a hen or a cock on the table. There was some kind of pie also. I don’t think I ate any pie though.
Drinking tea from a large black cup when I was visiting a family member. There were other people there also. I think there was a hen or a cock on the table. There was some kind of pie also. I don’t think I ate any pie though. It was a Saturday.
EndTopic
